One very important rule: no time travel! I refused to multiply my cognitive
load that much. :)

  The Rift Itself

  1. Rift modification mechanics: What KIND of controls are we talking about?

- Something plausible for ~400 DR. Has tech or magic changed in any meaningful
  ways in the last 100 years?
- It should also fit Netherese canon thematically. I'll need a lot of input
  from you on those aspects.
- I want it to be as different from the facility as is reasonably possible,
  except for the use of resonance, which to me is something fundamental to not
  just the story world, but all worlds ever, because it's as much a
  mathematical phenomenon as a physical one. A Fourier transform by any other
  name would work just as well in any world. And would smell as sweet. Hat tip
  to Shakespear.

I think I want to encourage the players to engage more with the town, so I
will make it obvious that it requires more than two people to operate. Since
the room is a cube, 4 (walls) or 5 (walls and floor) would be good numbers.
The participants do not need special training, they just need to be able to
follow directions.

It's current destination is like if an AM radio were tuned to a station and
then drifted off-frequency: it's the same, but distorted and farther away. If
they figure out how to dial it in, locations in the hells would be potential
destinations, but I like the idea that it could conceivably be tuned to ANY
plane, even a copy of Earth circa 2025 CE, though I would want that to be
extremely difficult to accomplish.

So I need a control system that is sufficiently complex to make it easy to add
new potential destinations. I also need to come up with some mechanics for the
tuning once they get past the puzzle part, kinda like the mechanics of the
Teleport spell where a nat 20 is never bad and a nat 1 is likely to be bad.
But unlike teleport, people have the option of whether to take their chances
going through or try again.

Ah, I also want to offer feedback on how well tuned it is. A well tuned rift
should be transparent, such that the other side is clearly visible and the
bounds of the rift are clear. There would also be no immediate risk from
interacting with a well-tuned portal. The rock that sheared in half wouldn't
have if the portal had been in tune.

Half of the danger of the portal is that when out of tune it leads into
non-planar destinations, like the spaces between planes and such. The other
half, of course, is what might come through.